Complement the Placements doc (#18180)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/reference/modules/Placements/README.md

## General concepts

> Custom placements can be provided by themes and modules using a `placement.json` file which only affect the front end shape like ThePart on the themes and modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom placements can be provided by themes and modules using a `placement.json` file, which only affects the front-end shape, like `MyPart`on the themes and modules.
```

> Custom placements can be provided by themes and modules using a `placement.json` file, which only affects the front-end shape, like `MyPart`on the themes and modules.

Reviewer 2: you can use `placement.json` to also change placement of shapes in the backend.

Author: through my practice, using ThePart_Edit , I got the same issue  as
[](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/issues/11840)

Reviewer 2: `TitlePart_Edit` should work. At least it should work. If it does not, we should investigate why it does not instead.

Reviewer 3: The `placement.json` of a front-end theme will not work, but it works on an admin theme. See https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/issues/11840#issuecomment-1152350608
I don't think this sentence clarifies that.
